hi hello peachy Sam I hope you are doing
much better than my plant Lola today I
predicted that I was going to kill Lola
guess what I did guys rest in peace rest
and phew it's so will tea and this makes
me sad if you're new around here I just
want to say welcome and I also want to
inform you that this is one of the best
creative motivating internet fans to be
a part of here we're all on our own
journey from point A to B we have goals
we have dreams we have aspirations the
entire point of this video is to let you
know that we all got to start somewhere
over the past month I have kind of been
transitioning into this new epic chapter
the adobe creative residency is over I
am making moves I'm making some moves
and some other moves that I will tell
you about soon literal moves that's a
hint what we all start somewhere I did
not start from the top and the words of
Drake you started from the bottom now
we're here and I'm not even there you
know I feel like you never really reach
the destination when you're all about
the game and the hustle that the hustle
I've always wanting to get to the next
thing but there was a time when my
videos guys were I think you could
describe them in one word cringe just
cringe so cringe
I hope my stuff is less cringe now
hopefully it's watchable it's
inspirational its quality content also a
few updates this harddrive mess
situation I've officially recovered
everything I needed to recover off of my
failed harddrive it took a minute but I
use that app disk drill a tongue-twister
discs drill district district disk drill
is where it's at thank you
also the trackpad that I got I just
could not edit with it you guys are
right not enough precision when editing
so I bought another magic a Magic Mouse
hopefully this one won't break don't
break I also just realized that I should
be getting my hair cut like right now so
when I come back all of my hair is going
to be gone and we shall make fun of me
tada what do you think I guess you were
here I think they cut it just a little
bit too short I was a little bit scared
because this is a sauna I literally just
walked up to and was like I need a
haircut
I don't like all the recommendations
that people gave to me it was like $200
haircuts and so this is only like 40 for
a cut and color and I think it's cute so
let me know what you think down in the
comments below let's let's get into it
the crazy thing is we're going to be
watching YouTube videos like old YouTube
videos and they're still on my youtube
channel these aren't even oh they're
still out there on the internet but
they're the most embarrassing things
ever this video is actually on private
now I thought I was so clever with the
city I was like it's going viral it's
gold bar oh hey Internet what's up today
I am unloading some advice on you get a
piece of paper and a pen how to be
successful in college
deactivate your Netflix account holder
the hope that helps tip up scribe 1 I'm
literally wearing a left shark shirt
that was a 15-second video kha'zix
cringe
I mean it's relevant it's good advice
but cringe this has 16 thousand views
I'm pretty sure all of the economics
classes around the US have played this
video here we go
it's a Nicki Minaj song I think it's so
remember all these we're done for the
ones in contrast without a hood over you
at ten o'clock
come to my issue with me hunter you best
listen if you want to learn command
supply supply to the price just for the
right game out so high high demand
Amanda's down just to the left one
amount goes down let's go up quanta goes
up frescoes love want to go low low high
you've been looking a long long
subscribe Miller and looking all ye
bastards common-looking
Horning few romance on consume one of
you Lawrence I'm surprised device cried
man Clyde Clyde Clyde and then I applied
to cry the man check out my purse this
slice of the London common class listen
up for the week out come up coming after
you get Darren get it Restless if you
want more burgers and hot dogs are alike
both are foods that we eat substitutes
flyways between themselves rap music
videos high school just tells literally
every single project I made it plenty
the same to come over just like a bagel
with Holly's butter oh no guys guys I
legit seeing this man from one of you
are all ready for an auto-tuned Sarah
here comes
[Music]
the sizing so not as good as many
purpose this is the wrong subscribe oh
my gosh speaking of music rap it is this
is what you can't sign in my youtube
channel because it's private but I did
just saw a music video with kids that I
babysat over the summer
[Music]
yo yo yo what's up y'all summer 2012 a
Swizzle indicate fizzled coming nested
out of school food alcohol where our
shades would be an aqua power plant
outside school and in my broom riding
our bikes going even from all I was
always a scared her off a Batman into
people better watch out cause let's
watch the movie only the PlayStation oh
go go outside enjoy your vacation
summers really good fun so much typical
got a lot of options the choices of that
was back in the day when it goes that
you can go with really hard eyeliner
with this like a liquid liner just to
get off this is where of that you can go
with this like if you go with you can go
with this you can go with
well honestly I will not get technically
the cooler end of today like Carson
Smith watching for the bumblebee oh we
get until you they should bring them
school via song because I remember
address through one of these words you
are in luck I just doubled across who a
video from middle school from 8th grade
a Spanish project I think on this video
we're trying to remake Kristen Wiig
surprise party skin oh my crystal clear
potato footage Oh
okay some pastries para nada
hey man manana will come home no partner
cool
no more I think this is Phil not like a
sony a7s oh my god basketball shirt this
is why this is why this is why this is
why i'm hot IKEA lucky is dope then once
on telly and a CFO be bridge almost any
way under however terrible smash this
one is from a speech from are you
putting the back of cloth can't do the
teacher are you distracted by the chaos
around you we are here for you use the
new stylish hearing aids or team you
will now be able to hear your teacher
regardless and stretch now I'm going to
have this hearing aid for kids my
socializes dramatically before I used to
be introverted and you know
and I've been with it now I hear
everything I still would have been same
old shreya who has no friends no life
and no fun and now now I have Falls Jose
please call 100 she'll out up with an
entire family inspiring Wow that was a
journey maybe I made you laugh
maybe I made you cry the lobster is
short we all got to come from somewhere
we all have to start somewhere so if
there is something in your life that you
want to do guess what just do it do it
do it do it do it you got to work at
your craft you got to keep plugging away
in order to get better at it the first
time you do anything you're going to be
terrible but you keep chipping away at
it and that's employment good at
anything after I graduated high school I
started making videos that I really
really enjoyed making like a lot of
trouble most one degree going to iPhone
and that's what I really felt like I was
going into a flow then I started to my
docu-series stuff so I'm going to link
some old videos some good old but if
hand with your hand below if you want to
creep one of my all-time favorite videos
ever was a video I made after going
degrees thank you so much for tuning in
to this video let me know if you like
this to do like for my new haircut it's
super cute
it has describe button if you have not
yet and I will see you guys Monday
because I'm putting up videos every
single Monday through Saturday
I know understand a p.m. Eastern
Standard Time just because it's
impossible for me to hit that every
single time but that's what that's what
I'm aiming for 8:00 p.m. just think of
it every weeknight because obviously
this video went up a little bit later
than that
stay peachy okay bye
[Music]
you